It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
I consider it more convenient to drive a car , because you carry more things in your own car than when travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to be friends and exchange telephone numbers .
In my experience , when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realize the importance of public transport .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
Since , we have the option to stop anytime we want to when we travel by car -LRB- which is impossible when travelling by train or plane -RRB- .
Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach I like playing with my sister in the sand and then we go in the sea .
When I was young I liked playing with a ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
When I was young I liked playing with a ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use cars more than buses or the underground .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost in the garden , with worms that eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
At some strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and plastic bottles and they also give talks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
My favorite sport is football . Why do I choose it ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : to be a super hero !
When she said that , Michael started to cry and got mad , saying that she was lying and did n't have a heart .
But when they got to Michael 's house , they fought again and Michael got a knife and kill her .
I can not imagine how long I would take to get to school if there was no bus or MRT .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weather - related disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process is started right away .
But , even if it 's true that it 's the fastest option , you must be very careful when it 's time to get off a plane .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
Friends can communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happen around us .
More importantly , parents give us life and they teach us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
For example , we can learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we can also learn how to make a meal from parents .
For example , we can learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we can also learn how to make a meal from parents .
Secondly , family members can give you some advice about how to deal with the things which cause you trouble .
If difficulties are shared with family members , ideas will come up to your family members and they will communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection -LRB- Wi - Fi -RRB- .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection -LRB- Wi - Fi -RRB- .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue when travelling by car .
When I watch football on television I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
When I watch football on television I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
I have experience of holding basketball competitions when I was a student .
Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaper and also safer , but some people prefer cars . To what extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
Nowadays all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer driving their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and , with low budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
Meanwhile , it boosted economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestic Product -LRB- GDP -RRB- .
If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of the town , is the environment .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
I want to give advice to anyone who starts this sport : " You must believe in yourself " .
Also , I attended a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
On the other hand , I took care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
Besides , there are lots of low - income people who ca n't buy their own car .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , what if you can not survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough money to look after your parent .
That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try of their food .
Around the city , you can find many places where people throw fridges , ovens , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
Around the city , you can find many places where people throw fridges , ovens , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important to me .
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that that day was one of the worst days of my life .
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear power and wind power . Public transportation such as the electric metro use this kind of energy .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , most cities in the world will become overcrowded . This will lead to many other problems that will need to be solved . For example , traffic jams and air pollution .
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
Me and my friends are going to the cinema , and I am inviting you to go with us .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects a and stable environment for the younger generation to grow up in .
The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national levels on a broader dimensions and more rational pattern , because it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
Jordan Romero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
My friends and I like TV programs , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little faster and then , after 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how -LRB- not -RRB- to act in that case .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensitivity , robustness of results and less time required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change has happened .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensitivity , robustness of results and less time required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change has happened .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensitivity , robustness of results and less time required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change has happened .
From my experience , I believe television has both entertainment and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from educational content , there is so much bad content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think that the government should help the public transport , for example buses , trains , the metro and more , for a single reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
When Tom saw his house , he sneaked into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
My school has a unique reputation for its friendliness and the quality of education .
This is an esay about my favourite sport . It has been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a chance to go the to swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
I would recommended people who do not know to how swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will like it and later they can stop swimming .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupid companions that do n't understand anything .
When you dance , sing , or act , you are showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
It 's a lovely dog . He knows how I feel .
My mom and my dad are good people .
To work in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers good attention and service .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers good attention and service .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers good attention and service .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
If your friendship is real , you will always find a point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
From inorganic rubbish , we can make a bag , a hat and other stuff .
The creator of heaven and the earth , the creator of souls , the one who makes earth rotate around itself and around the sun .
The creator of heaven and the earth , the creator of souls , the one who makes earth rotate around itself and around the sun .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father -LRB- Adam -RRB- and created from him -LRB- Eve -RRB- , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers -LRB- Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one -RRB- with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father -LRB- Adam -RRB- and created from him -LRB- Eve -RRB- , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers -LRB- Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one -RRB- with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father -LRB- Adam -RRB- and created from him -LRB- Eve -RRB- , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers -LRB- Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one -RRB- with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father -LRB- Adam -RRB- and created from him -LRB- Eve -RRB- , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers -LRB- Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one -RRB- with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father -LRB- Adam -RRB- and created from him -LRB- Eve -RRB- , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers -LRB- Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one -RRB- with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father -LRB- Adam -RRB- and created from him -LRB- Eve -RRB- , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers -LRB- Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one -RRB- with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father -LRB- Adam -RRB- and created from him -LRB- Eve -RRB- , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers -LRB- Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one -RRB- with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes his contribution to family duties .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who is starting Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
For someone who is starting Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings are covered in drawings and writing .
Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
It is very bad for our city because when some new people visit Patras they see these things .
But when they reach the in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
As a rule , after the final exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in future they see as in a fog .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if possible , the exact date , because I need to book my flights .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Nevertheless , the journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and who they spend time with , if stay with something important or what they buy .
Nevertheless , the journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and who they spend time with , if stay with something important or what they buy .
Nevertheless , the journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and who they spend time with , if stay with something important or what they buy .
So politicians and film stars will have to put up with it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have a reward in what they earn .
So politicians and film stars will have to put up with it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have a reward in what they earn .
It was a dark night and it was raining when a big volcanic eruption buried them underground .
The next day , when they were about to start filming , there were no ants there , so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
At that moment , the ants and Penny attacked them from behind , making them leave the place .
When I have spare time , I often gather together my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I go back home and have a deep sleep when I have finished .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
Convincing arguments support the fact that the root cause is that almost all the present - day cities are already packed with places of residence , commercial premises and recreation facilities and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse , and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yes .
Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
Whenever I play this game , I always copy this person .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
He was the first player who played a 200 test in cricket .
For a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide , is what they can do better , batting or bowling .
Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make people who swim feel cool when it is a hot day .
Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make people who swim feel cool when it is a hot day .
The advice that I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they might not learn to swim , and also , when you become older it will be more difficult to learn than when you are young .
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they might not learn to swim , and also , when you become older it will be more difficult to learn than when you are young .
The city where I live is a small village .
Organized shares , where everyone cleans up the village .
There are spcejalne places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and , for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting journey for then to see more action .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when she was a child .
In addition , money is not more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In addition , money is not more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only to buy , but for fuel , service and so forth .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when my parents are busy with their jobs .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when my parents are busy with their jobs .
It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and felt the wind passing my face .
We had a difference of 0.5 seconds between us and the winner of the race .
We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
His mom died because something or someone dragged her by the leg and pulled her into a cave where other animals ate her .
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even at reverse , but he never found them .
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even at reverse , but he never found them .
The second daughter was named Elizabeth and was a leopard She . was the intelligent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
The last daughter was Ana , who was the youngest of the family and was a jaguar .
Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus returning home I read a newspaper with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .
Hello Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
You have been having classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports , because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to classes .
This is my opinion , but the decision is yours , so when you decide , please send me a letter telling me about it .
So , if the kids hurt themselves , then l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and pass that test .
But when I finished before the time was up I was happy and relaxed .
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
When I was older , I was able to get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I had to learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
That is the story of why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are going down the piste .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for anyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness , although she could n't remember how she got there .
The problem was , the last thing she remembered was that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of the wind .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who has attended high school .
I went with my parents and my sister .
But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
I go to the GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and suitable for life .
increase the number of trees and plants and punish people who cut them down .
protect the water sources and the sea .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
I have been playing volleyball for twelve years and because of that I have got to know a lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distraction from university .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distraction from university .
The story was very good but Michael did not know how to end the story .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to travel when they need to .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
When the concert finished , we went to the dressing room to get autographs from musicians .
I felt like a star ! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
There are a lot of products which have to be advertised and a lot of messages to report to people .
In one ad there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
Why do I make this choice you clearly can ask : I love sun and good weather .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment . That 's why I need to work in order to pay my fees .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities on the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both the popular and the newest .
When you get off the bus , you should ask someone for Spring Street .
It would be a pleasure to discuss in person why I am qualified for this position .
Nowadays , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people are learning languages , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in big companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in big companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
Today , globalization is bringing the world closer together . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example through literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad points and good points of the users ' opinions of the Active Leisure Club recently .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork and they have to consider the security issues .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged but still good sheets , people will cut them into separate notes and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes .
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could improve our lives and he found a solution .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years ' experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have good teamworking skills .
Do you remember when I told you I had been helping at a concert ?
I have one brother and one sister .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- .
Over the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water purification company .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work , I feel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for community service and the development of my society , as I hope to come back and teach others what I have learnt .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for community service and the development of my society , as I hope to come back and teach others what I have learnt .
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher , while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they studied last semester .
For example , when the semester starts , students can not get over the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
For instance , learning English should be a daily activity . If you have a long time without studying English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all problems .
When I play badly , I feel agitated , but my teammates give me their unconditional support .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " , who looks just like me .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
Most students attending universities are away from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms and dormitories for their students to lower the costs , because most students have a low income .
Other students , who may have family financial support , prefer to hire an apartment to live independently .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those for hiring an apartment , and because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is more efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture , when it may create some conflicts between states .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals , where some states allow this marriage , others do n't .
This causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal government blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , federal government , which gives freedom and power , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confusion over responsibility .
This minimal chance will make a big difference when you visit another city .
In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious flavour that is so characteristic of our country .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy and there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and where their negative feelings are expressed .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and where their negative feelings are expressed .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also , there is a high potential of being deliberately aggressive toward someone .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking , harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " -LRB- pp .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques at the moment of taking a picture should be considered , like learning to draw .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . To put it simply ,
Although some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones -LRB- the ones that use gas or diesel -RRB- so , people choose these ones and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we have to deal with .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for society 's consumption .
If people did n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably happen when the destination is far from the place where you live .
If people did n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably happen when the destination is far from the place where you live .
The city council has conducted several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate waste .
We usually use public transport , which is great quality in the city where I live .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or paper .
They knew when it would be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
It 's quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists , who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.D. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
In my opinion , it is important because it reminds us of our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand that we should never give up and to follow our dreams .
However , during the rush hour , there are always such a ruin people who have no public awareness at all .
Priority seats are reserved for those who need them , not only elderly people but also some adults need them .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce young people to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
But television also has negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services for an international bank , in the mass market and small business .
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services for an international bank , in the mass market and small business .
When we see all the cars in our yards , when we sit in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leave our car and use public transport .
When we see all the cars in our yards , when we sit in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leave our car and use public transport .
If they contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anyway .
And there will always be people who hate public transport .
There are a few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak the local language , it makes your trip easier and more comfortable .
Technologically advanced countries have cleared a great number of forests and land to build tall buildings .
When people find out that they have been deceived , that their trust was betrayed , heads will roll .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . This is because people need to leave the material world .
Also , holidays are very helpful days to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to get away from modern life , which is full of material subjects .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of developing .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowering CO2 emissions .
Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking during hot weather .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport is perhaps not able to reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially over a long distance .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relationship between car exhaust and lung cancer .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays , our cities are becoming larger and more crowded .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
We had mouth - watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
Swimming has different styles ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
When we were arranging the concert plan we did work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checking sound volume and lights .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird flying freely .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please come and see how we prepare for the concert .
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
When I feel stressed out , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
In our country , one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who , to watch this or that television program .
It will be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll be studying English for 5 months .
When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
That 's why you do n't have to bring warm clothes .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea for the main course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , a more or less relaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I think that we should vote on this , because we will have a good night or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
I can not say what they are like because you have to taste them .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat whatever American food you want and you will get the same fantastic experience as a person who has eaten another meal .
I disagree with the statement above because , in the future , we are likely to have only two classes in society : the rich and the poor .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different scenes where the action takes place .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different scenes where the action takes place .
Also , many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and a person to play with .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
Like other sports , tennis is getting more modern , faster and more commercial .
In Italy , I attend a school for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
I 'm also good at dealing with people . In fact , since when I was younger , I was the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I 'm also good at dealing with people . In fact , since when I was younger , I was the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , including if I do n't know them .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing , because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skype and others .
When I was little , I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I could never imagine : football .
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now some other women and I have started to organize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
The media accompany famous people , such as politicians and film stars throughout their whole lives .
Summing up , all over the world , there are famous people who do n't bring their life into the limelight .
It has always been very useful since a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
If you use public transport , you can cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one vehicle .
Besides , in some cities , cars can not be parked in some places , such as the old city and the city centre .
However , the important point to discuss is whether it will be a positive change or a negative one .
On the other hand , terrorism , global warming and greed have become the top challenges of today 's world .
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
Perhaps you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
When you find one , spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
You can find a variety of articles , such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travel , the weather and the environment .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and the economy very highly developed .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in our life . It seem to me to be good opportunities to make our life easier .
I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong when she told him that she was pregnant .
At the moment when she told him that she was pregnant , he just frozen .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
This woman , who was standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his future wife .
He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was wrong on this moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago that they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
For example , after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Actually , I do not know how to swim , but it is my favorite sport .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
The local government is also taking serious action aimed at creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste with the active cooperation of most of the citizens , who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
In the night , I was thinking about many things when I heard some noises .
I stopped him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was adorable , but suddenly he changed into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others but it was too late ; it was the group or us .
We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how I am going I would not do it , because I have to face all of this .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
Nowadays , there are a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Soccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to control the ball and dribble your rivals on the field .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and the underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if drivers took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
It is clear that if drivers took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters . People usually tend to keep it private , since , most of the time , it is strange and inappropriate to talk about oneself too much to people at work or even people that one has just got acquainted with .
When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
I ended up getting expelled from the school because the teacher and our classmates suspected Michael and I had stolen our classmate Sally 's wallet .
I could n't believe the teacher and our friends too pointed at us firmly and without giving us any chance to speak out .
We wiped away our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
I think that if I watched and learnt how to do it I would learn very fast and could master it .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker . So we needed to find something that was a # nutritional food which we could eat with no problems and be OK .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could have a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could have a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shop near to your home .
As in all industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is provided almost for each area and each building .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind , there should be a boundary between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who read tabloids .
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them .
The film starts by putting your in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
The film starts by putting your in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
The film starts by putting your in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves against the menaces of the maze .
Still , they only had the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down , it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that , tall or small , anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , So , basically , it is a life - long sport for everyone .
Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
Especially in spring , there are a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
New Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
There were two rooms , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
As I was eating with my friend , Moreno , and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked the Chianina beef . It was very tasty .
Legalization of drugs is an argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an addiction that can destroy our lives .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Sofa or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doana National Park , where , in that period , you can see some migratory birds .
He has yellow skin and big eyes . He is blond and has got spiky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
His parents and the school principal often punish him .
Although he is rather naughty , he actually has a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been living for the last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very worried about the town where I am living because everybody in this town is not bothered about the rubbish things they do every day .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
What I feel is that everyone who is living in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
What I feel is that everyone who is living in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
I am upset about it and , whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow citizens and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in nature .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and chips , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fare rather than pay for a full tank .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
It 's just near your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station on foot , carrying bags , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed a relaxing day at the festival .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
The door of his room was open . He came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having the balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family , and so on , but that is what happened .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having the balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family , and so on , but that is what happened .
Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and then he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp counsellor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
The thing that most annoys me is that they copy from me and the other good students all the time .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because of the calories , the kilos they are going to gain , and all that stuff .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
Tacontento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
This means that they have different flavours of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
That day did not end with the tacos . After a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
The third day was one of my favourites . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with the names of famous women and lovely drinks .
The seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
The sixth day was to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get a Master 's Degree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .
The sixth day was to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get a Master 's Degree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .
The seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
The last day of The Puerquitour was rounded off with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about everything and nothing .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
This child has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and her own husband .
This child has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and her own husband .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the true protagonist and the way of telling the story is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , when referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who robbed him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who robbed him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the sole exception of the thief , who talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
" My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashbacks .
The narrator reveals not so much about himself or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know throughout the text .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , in the graveyard .
I would like to read a story without tale ; just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a child .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a child .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to convey .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to convey .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to convey .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the time I thought they were making a video .
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
When he left I was sad but also really happy .
My only complaint is that there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult to decide what to order .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
I thoroughly recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food at even better value .
It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Odeon cinema offers a wide choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use a first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use a first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although they maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 , and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week to just over 120 grams per person per week .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Alexis told me to try contacting you .
Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications all support the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
Thereafter , I studied the accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
Among the most important I can mention San Froiln and Arde Lucus .
During this festival , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Arde Lucus .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places and festivals which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
They will do practically everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and speak with us like an ordinary human .
That 's how I see the home of the future .
At the interview , leaving interviewers with a good impression is of great importance . Here are some tips on how to do it .
Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every day , so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight- to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight- to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics , such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
Have you ever thought about how you could promote your language courses , for example ?
According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to the increasing wealth of local communities .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard , as there are so many choices .
Sandy beaches , crystal - clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
Because of the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and that are included in your exam .
I can recall a time when I was quite ill before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had a question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
So , for sure , having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , as in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups , like mestizos , European Peruvians , who are the second largest group , and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
It is a city that keeps its history through : amazing architecture , like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the Carnival . On this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbors . Through their traditional dance , called " La Marinera " . They also keep their history through religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesin del Seor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example of their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour -LRB- wine -RRB- , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , nature reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was at sound recording .
It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
After six years of rigorous high school study and past experiences , I have no doubt that the choices I 've selected above are not accidental .
The subjects I 've pursued at high school level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
I was the president of the Business Students Association -LRB- BSA -RRB- , Head Boy -LRB- senior prefect -RRB- and Captain of the school soccer team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays midfield .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I acquired at high school .
Czech universities provide high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , a safe and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to any of my chosen universities and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to any of my chosen universities and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my chosen university in more ways than one .
They seek solace in someone who they feel more comfortable with .
They sense when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing that might have caused it .
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who spend all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to see in homeschooling a solution to their children 's education .
accepted homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated occurrence .
Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardized tests and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy - efficient systems .
Built from recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which are more and more popular , even these days .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people will keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses -LRB- and bragging about it to neighbours -RRB- , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
Although people will keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses -LRB- and bragging about it to neighbours -RRB- , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
This shows how rapidly the game can change .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
What I love most about this sport is the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
What I love most about this sport is the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near my home instead of having to go to a sports center .
A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up spending it in the wrong way .
Hello , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham , who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .
Especially in big cities where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
But what is more convenient - owning a car or public transport ?
Well , it depends .... When you travel in your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are the driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to leave or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or the radio .
What if we used public transport to get to work ?
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this story , the author invited us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this story , the author invited us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
The author created the horror atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
The whole story apart from the end of the story when he confessed the crime , the madman used intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The sharp contrast of the calm and the cruelty , leaves us with a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
Probably not , but there are many people in show business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Probably not , but there are many people in show business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what they are saying about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
The real problem starts when journalists injure not the celebrity , but their friends or family .
Paparazzi are cruel when in contact with famous people 's children , which may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
In my opinion , the food was good , but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
Luckily for me -LRB- or not -RRB- , I met a friend of mine on the day after who told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service .
" Pistola y Corazn Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant where I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
" Pistola y Corazn Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant where I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
First of all : THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Last week I was lent an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship -LRB- funny enough not the ones of the -LRB- only ! -RRB- TWO other participants -RRB- , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second -LRB- the last night -RRB- , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up heart .
What I do n't understand is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
What I do n't understand is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
I decided to go back home -LRB- I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week -RRB- , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave my ankle a rest , which was very much needed too !
I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes -LRB- one company and two academies -RRB- .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
According to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be reached - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences in the future .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers climate change to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , due to its consequences for the economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers climate change to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , due to its consequences for the economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers climate change to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , due to its consequences for the economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers climate change to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , due to its consequences for the economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters like flooding , heatwaves , water shortages and loss of harvests .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and an issue for the UN summit in Paris .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and an issue for the UN summit in Paris .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that , no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
Cricket is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and take advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
Apart from his cricketing skills , I love his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket List is ?
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
It 's about a teen couple who are dying of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
So , after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to meet someone new , from another entirely different culture to make me think about what I want .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think that " something " is almost everything .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing lessons and so on , but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the faades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and the armoury .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and the armoury .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one should not miss seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
I think I am very lucky then , because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother tongue .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer from when I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one was that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one was that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is not so easy to be precise .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one was that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one was that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is not so easy to be precise .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
In the same way , I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it can also be the worst .
Adolescence can be compared to a foggy path and , even when it seems you can see something through it , in reality you ca n't .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we discover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under our skin , it is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite .
We 're confused , they 're not clear , and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of buildings that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic -LRB- especially if you are with your partner -RRB- and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Alcdia bay , part of the mountain range of Tramuntana and the cape of Formentor .
This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
The sport would go underground , and there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people . The new boxers could be even more at risk .
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and , hopefully , less all round interest in violence , making towns and cities much safer places to live in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks for little or no reason .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous -LRB- ? -RRB- both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous -LRB- ? -RRB- both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing ; motor sports and even mountaineering have risks that are real .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and any occurrence is for some good .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not . Because of his training , he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart 's brother .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cungonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cungonde 's lovers .
Throughout the book , we begin to see how Candide is gradually led away from l'optimisme or , perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Throughout the book , we begin to see how Candide is gradually led away from l'optimisme or , perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimism is one of despair , not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
It is true that today one still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all , and even with 1992 approaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war or extreme distrust .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war or extreme distrust .
It has been suggested that the Single Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
The fact is that , when united , European unity would still , in essence , be divided .
Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average - based system .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 , after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britain 's relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the date for the Single European Market , the debate flared up again , but over how far Britain should be integrated .
When 1992 was set as the date for the Single European Market , the debate flared up again , but over how far Britain should be integrated .
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the ECU ?
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is , indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand , people will be happier , get on better .
Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
Britain , although small , is more often than not at the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question , who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams .
The main disadvantage with the railways is , as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto the trains .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UK 's transport network .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in teepee s and eat soya bean soup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters , such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
Although far less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank all due respect , most of his fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank -LRB- the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out -RRB- .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank -LRB- the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out -RRB- .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank -LRB- the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out -RRB- .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
Now , let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured -LRB- or been killed due to a fight -RRB- .
These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport , would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world . Yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
When it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
It was the start of what our now President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War .
I asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left .
The use of the means humans have developed is where the greatest problems lie .
Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
When people talk about artificial intelligence -LRB- AI -RRB- , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
When people talk about artificial intelligence -LRB- AI -RRB- , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
Human brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
Human brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
Human brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
When calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students at mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public ; why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you ?
Computers encourage laziness in the general public ; why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you ?
For the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
These include the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power that genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Certainly , we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen knife responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist at the forefront of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist at the forefront of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes commonplace in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other s ' misuse of it .
The divisions in their family and the fight between the Prince and the Princess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
The divisions in their family and the fight between the Prince and the Princess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
The divisions in their family and the fight between the Prince and the Princess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
For example , many people like the royal family because they are honest people , not like the politicians , who always lie .
I think the royal family and the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
I think the royal family and the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and asking is it fair to the child to have started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
There are ethics involved relating to who is given the treatment and who is n't
There are ethics involved relating to who is given the treatment and who is n't
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with in vitro fertilisation .
Technology has progressed quickly and , in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
Last year there was a case of a post- menopausal woman who , by lying about her age , was given in vitro fertilisation -LRB- IVF -RRB- .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child , since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... There should be a test that is given before -LRB- IVF -RRB- is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman , placed in a test tube , and then sperm is placed into the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , and the baby is then inserted back into the mother .
This idea is extremely beneficial because married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccessful are able to have children .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children , so why should she have one implanted into her .
It is not fair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosome .
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperm 's nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
Although British farmers have learned to diversify , dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiform encephalopathy , or BSE .
Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the brain , and as the spinal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not willing to take .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants , where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of one is MacDonalds , where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interest on their investments .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investments often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary , then it is his or her own fault -LRB- or bad luck -RRB- .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past women have had problems with society 's idea of what they are expected to do in the workplace and at home .
Gone is the age when the woman was required to stay home .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the of feminists .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the workplace can do .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
Feminists argued this a lot when the Iraq war was going on .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand -LRB- although French -RRB- were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Women supporting equal pay for women and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
The TV has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated one becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
A discovery that has significantly changed many peoples lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic known as AIDS .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
In my opinion , the discovery and harnessing of the atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
In my opinion , the discovery and harnessing of the atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between its members .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bomb shelters to an ever - circulating Chief Executive command post from the air .
In just the past three years , our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
With this thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be a warm and friendly people .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacterium - the producer of penicillin .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
People can easily do calculus or other types of functions with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
Presidents and dictators alike switch on the channel to receive first - hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coups d'etat or civil wars .
The Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
Already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
Already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversible .
This is why it is imperative to act today .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how many things as varied as pornography or the language we use help to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
Now , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaced .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing a lot of non - biodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing a lot of non - biodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
-LRB- Recycling in a small way also helps those without homes because they receive money for what they collect -RRB- .
Now though , people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this with a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible without the aid of computers .
Also , the fact that so many people -LRB- especially in the US -RRB- have television sets means that everybody -LRB- well , at least everybody who watches -RRB- receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act . This allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In an age where time is the scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works , can come home , can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
At night , one can sit by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolded .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one fails .
TV commercials and TV programs project models of how one should be .
TV commercials and TV programs project models of how one should be .
In the 20th century , the values that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substituted with TV . In America , this growing individualistic society , one no longer sees the relative humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of effort .
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
However , when writing Candide , Voltaire defied the Academie 's rules .
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Muslim and was punished for his homosexual act .
He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Muslim and was punished for his homosexual act .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he re - encounters the Baron later in his travels .
When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentility .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion -LRB- seen most clearly through the arts -RRB- .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar antonyms but indifference .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz and Blues music .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The Senate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The Senate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
